[14:01:30] <sfrisk> Chassis meeting time!
[14:01:45] <sfrisk> geekman-rohit, kristjy, nashvail
[14:01:58] <kristyjy> hello
[14:02:01] <sfrisk> arschmitz
[14:02:08] <arschmitz> hi
[14:02:22] <sfrisk> sorry about the lack of meeting last week everyone
[14:02:49] <sfrisk> family emergency occured
[14:02:55] <sfrisk> but we are back
[14:02:59] <sfrisk> let me get the agenda
[14:05:20] <sfrisk> Agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ke2x_powoI8QnfyFtyOdeOI1ZJjL0PzAy9oXgyUYXb8/edit?usp=sharing
[14:05:37] <sfrisk> up today is tables, inputs, and the Case of the Missing Normalize
[14:05:48] <sfrisk> kristyjy, did you get to the final table stuff?
[14:06:41] <kristyjy> I have shame.. I did start taking a look but didn't finish yet.. I had a pretty busy week / weekend
[14:07:23] <sfrisk> okay
[14:08:03] <sfrisk> I've updated views.css-chassis with the latest from the input branch
[14:08:22] <sfrisk>  http://view.css-chassis.com/input-styling/demos/inputs.html
[14:09:11] <sfrisk> which removed the table layout
[14:09:24] <sfrisk> but does make apparent that normalize isn't included in our build
[14:09:47] <sfrisk> arschmitz, do you remember if there was a reason normalize got taken out? or was it accidently lost and we all missed it when grunt stuff got refactored?
[14:10:07] <arschmitz> i dont recall it being removed intentionally
[14:11:42] <sfrisk> okay
[14:12:46] <arschmitz> the style.scss looks wrong
[14:13:05] <arschmitz> its just a copy of lint.scss
[14:13:17] <arschmitz> it should be just 2 lines basicly as i recall
[14:13:25] <arschmitz> it should import lint.scss
[14:13:28] <arschmitz> and normalize
[14:13:39] <sfrisk> hrmmm
[14:13:45] <nashvail> hello! hey!
[14:13:52] <geekman-rohit> It used to be like that
[14:13:54] <arschmitz> the reason was normalize cant pass csslint
[14:14:09] <sfrisk> https://github.com/jquery/css-chassis/commit/c5bd4f7ec88e4d51ef0cbc993a50b6f3f20c9ce4
[14:14:09] <arschmitz> geekman-rohit: thats what i thought
[14:14:22] <sfrisk> looks like it got changed then
[14:14:22] <geekman-rohit> We should check log to see where we messed it up
[14:15:17] <arschmitz> hmm comment for it was removed too was there maybe a reason i dont recall we removed?
[14:16:13] <arschmitz> or maybe it was a bad merge
[14:16:17] <sfrisk> could have been a bad merge
[14:16:30] <sfrisk> I can switch it back and test
[14:16:57] <arschmitz> yeah because what it was prior to that commit looks right to me
[14:19:39] <sfrisk> looks like the lint is being run on chassis.min.css
[14:19:49] <sfrisk> it's failing on a rule empty
[14:20:18] <arschmitz> it should run on both
[14:20:31] <arschmitz> wait no
[14:20:36] <arschmitz> it should not run on that file
[14:20:45] <arschmitz> if the build was right it would never pas
[14:20:47] <arschmitz> pass
[14:20:53] <arschmitz> because normalize itself does not pass
[14:21:12] <sfrisk> yeah
[14:21:18] <sfrisk> looks like it's being run on chassis.min.css
[14:21:22] <sfrisk> which includes normalize
[14:21:26] <sfrisk> legend has a {}
[14:21:29] <arschmitz> ok
[14:21:44] <arschmitz> so i think originally what we did
[14:21:49] <arschmitz> was generate a lint.css
[14:21:53] <arschmitz> and linted that
[14:22:02] <arschmitz> which didnt include normalize
[14:22:07] <arschmitz> and chassis.min.css
[14:22:11] <sfrisk> it's set up currently to lint everything in "dist/css/*.css
[14:22:15] <arschmitz> should not be linted the lint file should
[14:22:27] <arschmitz> yeah i think thats also wrong
[14:22:31] <sfrisk> also doesn't look like a lint.css file is made anymore
[14:22:54] <arschmitz> i can take care of of fixing all this if you want
[14:23:06] <arschmitz> should have time this week
[14:23:11] <sfrisk> okay
[14:23:15] <sfrisk> if you don't, ping me and let me know
[14:23:27] <sfrisk> and I can do it
[14:27:04] <arschmitz> ok
[14:28:42] <nashvail> any feedbacks on input commit
[14:28:44] <sfrisk> also, everyone review the update to nashvail's pr
[14:30:19] <sfrisk> I'll try to get some comments on it after the meeting
[14:30:30] <sfrisk> I am being dragged to a company meeting
[14:31:17] <arschmitz> im a little out of touch last few weeks but if nashvail geekman-rohit and kristyjy want to continue i can take care of the meeting room and stuff
[14:32:09] <arschmitz> looks like just inputs and tables left on the agenda
[14:32:36] <geekman-rohit> Nash was asking if he can start some work on grid
[14:32:38] <sfrisk> we did tables at the beginning
[14:32:46] <arschmitz> inputs you mentioned nashvail but not sure if anyone has anything on it for the meeting  or if you had anything besides just looking for input on the inputs ( pun fully intended )
[14:32:50] <kristyjy> Okay so I will review input PR and finish up edits from the table PR unless there is anything else anyone else has I'm good
[14:32:55] <arschmitz> of sorry right my bad
[14:33:59] <nashvail> because of the box-sizing thing the inputs still extend beyond the bounds
[14:34:01] <arschmitz> i may have missed it but did we firm up grid plans yet
[14:34:16] <arschmitz> we have talked about some pretty dramaticlly different ways of approaching grid in past
[14:34:26] <arschmitz> and i dont think it makes sense to start it until those decisions are made
[14:36:39] <arschmitz> for example traditional vs flex vs display grid
[14:36:51] <arschmitz> display grid is now implemented in every browser behind a flag
[14:39:31] <nashvail> Yes, I think we should start discussion on grids
[14:39:38] <nashvail> its a major part of phase one
[14:42:11] <arschmitz> yup
[14:56:32] <arschmitz> ok well its 3
[14:56:38] <arschmitz> and things seem to have stalled
[14:56:44] <arschmitz> so im going to call it a day
